W
Hotel policies
1. The hotel provides services corresponding to its category.
2. The guest’s specific accommodation is established through a binding reservation and the guest is charged the corresponding price based on the type of accommodation.
3. The hotel is obliged to accommodate only those guests who hold a valid reservation and are duly registered. Guests are required to present valid personal identification upon arrival, sign the registration card, and provide a guarantee either in cash or by credit card pre-authorization in the required amount.
4. If a guest does not provide valid personal identification (citizen ID card, passport), the hotel is entitled to refuse accommodation based on the law on local fees for Czech citizens and on Act No. 314/2015 Coll. for foreign clients.
5. The hotel is obliged to hold a confirmed reservation from 2 p.m. to midnight. During this period, the room is reserved for the guest, if not specified otherwise in the booking. Early check-in (before 2 p.m.) must be requested in advance (when the booking is made), but is not guaranteed until the hotel confirms it, and the hotel may charge extra for this service.
6. The hotel is not required to accommodate guests without prior confirmed reservations and guests arriving after midnight.
7. If it is not possible to extend a guest’s stay in the room that he/she was given at check-in, the hotel is entitled to offer them a different room.
8. The hotel is liable for damage for items stored only if the items were personally taken to be stored by a hotel employee. The hotel is not liable for a guest’s improperly stored or forgotten items. The hotel is liable for damage or loss of jewelry, money, and other valuables only if they were stored in the hotel safe, placed in storage by the hotel, or if the damage or loss was caused by a hotel employee. Personal safes are integrated in the wardrobes. Please kindly note, that hotel cannot accept liability for money, valuables or articles left in your room or personal safe. Instructions for use are found inside the safe.
9. The right to compensation must be exercised in the hotel without delay, no later than 15 days after the loss or damage was discovered by the guest.
10. Hotel guests may receive visitors in the public areas of the hotel. Visitors are permitted in the accommodation areas of the hotel only from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. with the permission of the hotel receptionist. Outside of these hours, only registered guests may be present in these areas.
11. The hotel will arrange medical assistance in case of illness or injury of a guest. Any charge associated with such assistance will be the responsibility of the guest, with the exception of situations in which the hotel is responsible for the guest’s illness or injury.
12. Smoking is prohibited throughout the hotel, with the exception of areas specifically designated as smoking areas. Hotel guests are not permitted to move any furniture or equipment, nor to interfere with or alter the electrical system or equipment located in the hotel rooms or in public areas. For safety reasons, hotel guests may use only electrical appliances designed for personal hygiene (hair dryers, shavers, massagers, etc.) as well as notebook computers, tablets, and similar small electrical devices.
13. Guests may use the wireless internet connection free of charge in all areas of the hotel and the chateau park.
14. It is forbidden to carry or store weapons in any area of the hotel.
15. For safety reasons, children younger than 10 years may not be left unsupervised in hotel rooms or other hotel premises or in the chateau park. Reimbursement for any damage caused by a child/ren is the responsibility of the child/ren’s parent(s) or legal guardian(s).
16. There is no lifeguard at the hotel’s swimming lake - guests shall be solely responsible for their own safety and that of their child/ren.
17. Dogs and other pets may stay in their owner’s room provided the owner shows proof that the animal is in good health and that the owner agrees with and abides by the hotel’s rules regarding pets, which they will receive in written form. Accommodation for an animal will be charged according to the current rate list.
18. Guests must observe quiet hours from 10 p.m. to 7 a.m.
19. Guests will be held responsible for any damage to hotel property.
20. Guests will pay compensation for any damage caused by them unless they prove they were not at fault. This includes compensation for any damage discovered after the guest’s departure.
21. If a hotel guest under the influence of alcohol or drugs will not provide assurance that they will abide by the hotel policies, they may be barred entry to the hotel. A repeat of the situation will result in the termination of the guest’s accommodation.
22. The guest may use their room for the agreed-upon accommodation period. Unless agreed upon and approved by the hotel in advance, guests must check out no later than 11 a.m. on the last day of their stay and are required to vacate the room by that time. If they fail to do so, the hotel is authorized to bill the guest for an additional day, or a portion thereof.
23. When leaving the room, guests should ensure that the faucets and lights are turned off, and close the door. Room keys must be returned to the reception upon checkout.
24. Guests shall pay for their accommodation and any additional services at the end of their stay according to the current rate list. In case of longer stays, guests must settle their accounts at least once a week. Prior to departure, guests are required to officially check out from the hotel and settle their account.
25. If a guest should lose their room key, they must report this to the reception as soon as possible. If they fail to do so, the hotel shall assume no responsibility for any damage related to the key’s loss. Guests shall be charged a fee of CZK 1,000 for a lost key. The guest is obliged to pay this fee prior to departing the hotel.
26. In exceptional circumstances, the hotel may provide different accommodation than that originally booked by the guest. This accommodation, however, may not differ materially from that originally confirmed.
27. No food or beverages purchased outside the hotel may be consumed on the hotel premises.
28. Guests who wish to use the firepit in the chateau park shall do so at their own risk and responsibility, and are required to abide by the Firepit Operating Rules. The hotel operator is not responsible for injuries or damage to property caused by the guest to himself, to the hotel operator, or to any third party. Fires may be lit only in the designated places and during designated times - from 7 to 9 p.m.
29. If a guest plans to arrive by helicopter or other non-standard means of transportation, they shall inform the hotel no later than 14 days prior to arrival. The purpose of this requirement is to arrange for all the necessary formalities, including securing a landing site, etc. In the case of air transport, it is not possible for guests to land on the hotel premises. Guests are responsible for any damage caused by arrival, departure, landing, or take-off. In case of air transport, the hotel is prepared, upon prior agreement, to provide the guest with transfer to and from the hotel from the landing site.
30. Information regarding rates for hotel services is available at the reception and on the hotel’s website.
31. The hotel management welcomes and appreciates any and all suggestions for improving the hotel and its services, as well as constructive criticism.
32. Guests are required to familiarize themselves with these hotel policies and to abide by these provisions. In the event that a guest breaks any of these rules, the hotel has the right to terminate the guest’s stay prior to the originally agreed-upon day of departure.
33. Should a guest have any special wishes or substantiated complaint during their stay, they may contact the appropriate hotel staff member, who will make every effort to accommodate the guest’s wishes.
34. These hotel policies are effective as of January 1, 2016.
